the bulb does not turn on now after 20 days. i ordered 2 of them and when i got it immediately should have returned it as build quality was very bad … i have one bulb from 2020 same model but its totally different quality and its still woking. i thought i would get same thing but this is nowhere close…. its very light weight and cheap plastic….. i dont know whom to contact as there is no warranty information nowhere…. my money is wasted….now i will use another one as i got 2 of them and lets see how long it will work :(

the bulb does not turn on now after 20 days. i ordered 2 of them and when i got it immediately should have returned it as build quality was very bad … i have one bulb from 2020 same model but its totally different quality and its still woking. i thought i would get same thing but this is nowhere close…. its very light weight and cheap plastic….. i dont know whom to contact as there is no warranty information nowhere…. my money is wasted….now i will use another one as i got 2 of them and lets see how long it will work :(

There's something very shady about this product. It worked perfectly fine for exactly one year.

Then just when the warranty expired, due to no apparent reason, this bulb is causing problems. It keeps disconnecting, won't get detected by the app and keeps resetting to pairing mode.

Absolute worst product and not durable at all

My bulb stopped working after 5 months
I have tried to contact wipro team over whatsapp chat support and email support
But no response received, not expected this from Wipro like brand

I bought this bulb on 21st October 2023 (1 year warranty) but bulb has stopped working since May 2024 and whenever we plug the bulb and turn it on it just rapidly blinks and doesn’t enter any pairing mode or gets reset. I tried everything to repair it but it just doesn’t respond so fed up now reaching out for warranty as I have just one month left for warranty expiry but not sure if I will get refund or replacement at all..
I would not recommend anyone to buy this as lifespan is very low. Not even 1 year is as good as waste of money on this.
😑


My honest review as my products warranty expired on 9/11/24 i.e., today as I'm fed up and giving up on warranty claim. I'm giving 2 stars for the product as it worked for 7 to 8 months. The product was very good and was working fine until 7 to 8 months. Post that, the bulb stopped working, it is not even turning on. I tried to contact the customer service of wipro and was not able to get in touch with them. They either don't answer calls or they simply say all executives are busy and the call gets disconnected. Wipro has the worst customer support for warranty claims. Hence, I advise people to think before buying wipro products. This is such a shame on a well established company for how they handle their customers for support. I'll never buy a wipro product again.


Old product was delivered (may check zooming pics) as of now working properly no idea how it will work in future. Amazon to check credibility of seller. Started using it due to party today. However wipro smart bulb per say is good


I bought these bulbs for our home. 2 of them stopped working in warranty period. No response after multiple email complaints. Phone is always busy


It is very difficult to use this Product by using wifi or app, it takes so much time and tough to connect with devices


3-Year Update:

For the past week, the device has been blinking non-stop, and the app no longer recognizes it. Overall, I would still recommend it if you're familiar with smart devices, especially since it works well with Alexa.

There's not much negative to say except for some occasional instability.After about a year, I had to reconnect the device a few times via the app. Sometimes it would blink non-stop, but it was never a network issue. I found that simply deleting and re-adding the device with the same network solved the problem. Music sync was mediocre, nothing special.

If you're someone who prefers sleeping with lights on, you can easily adjust the light to a low, warm setting, which is a nice feature. You can also create and schedule scenes, which I found useful.

Unfortunately, it didn't last 10,000 hours. But during its lifespan, it worked quite well.


The Wipro 9W B22D WiFi LED Smart Bulb offers a blend of functionality and innovation. Its music sync feature adds a fun, dynamic element to your lighting, making it perfect for parties or relaxation. Compatibility with Amazon Alexa allows for seamless voice control, enhancing convenience and smart home integration. The bulb provides bright, adjustable lighting that can be easily customized to fit any mood. While the overall performance is impressive, occasional connectivity issues might arise. However, for its price and features, it's a solid choice for modernizing your home lighting with smart technology.


Nice and good one

The application for this smart led is absolute trash along with the LED often getting disconnected and have to pair it again and again

Received in 1 day. It was easy to install, set up and works without any problem. It can be controlled remotely once set up is done. Good product.

Quantity, bright ness is good, enough for a a small room, I do use it as a night bulb and sometimes to play with my kid by changing the colours

The product stopped working after the usage of 5 days . My return window in amazon also closed . I tried contacting customer care support but no response from them . Worst product, don’t t waste your money

It's a great value for money bulb for all the features it has. It connects to Google home & alexa and other smart home devices, it's really bright but the dimming is not so good after 5%. 5 to 1% doesn't dim too much, the colours are good. The wipro app is okayish I advise to use google home app after first time setup is done. The bulb is so easy to use too, turns on and off when in pairing mode, pair using the app and you are good to go. The speed of reading and executing any commands given to the bulb by the app is pretty great. I don't know anything about warranty but don't worry it will easily last 3-4 years. Best feature is syncing with music!


