Amazon Fire TV Stick is a very good product. You can make your normal TV smart. Setup of this TV is also quite easy.
It is a very good product. But the quality of the remote is very poor. The back cover broke very soon. The volume key of my remote is not working at all and the main thing is that the volume key of my remote stopped working only after six months of purchase. Everything else is good
Overall a very mature and reliable product. Unlike other Android TVs, this one is lag free, fast UI. The design of interface is intuitive, simple for older people.
Wifi reception and speed is excellent. No buffering if you have broadband.
Picture quality is also good. Options to select 8bit, 10bit, 12bit color, option to match frame rate of TV to that of content.
Remote can control your TV's power and volume via in-built IR blaster. Plus there is HDMI CEC support.


such a great product in best price, i made my normal hd tv in smart android tv with this so its a best in class gadget for users like me, and the best part is that its voice control system is so accurate and fast for channel searching
Amazon Fire TV Stick is a very good product. You can make your normal TV smart. Setup of this TV is also quite easy.
It is a very good product. But the quality of the remote is very poor. The back cover broke very soon. The volume key of my remote is not working at all and the main thing is that the volume key of my remote stopped working only after six months of purchase. Everything else is good


This is good for those TV where there is no Smart Android Features.
Updates Receiving regularly.
Sometimes it stops working and closes and sometimes remote shows no response even the battery is okay.
Updates are receiving on Apps and Amazon App and Amazon Music receives timely updates.
Picture quality supports 1080P with 60 FPS.
Overall experiance after using 5 months: Great Product.

The product delivered on time and set it up. Unfortunately the volume control and the tv control options are not working. The rest of the features are working good.

Update after a day of usage.

When i tried with Alexa to mute and control volume, it is working like a gem. After couple of times, now the remote control also start working for the mute, volume options. So updating the negative review to 4 star.

I think this product is very good for those who are willing to buying an beginner friendly smart T.v. In this Amazon Fire stick you can be expect a smoother experience on watching.

I have purchased this on 2299₹ on Amazon great indian sale.
The Fire Stick 3rd generation offers a smooth, lag-free experience.

Cons: It's challenging to rely on a single micro USB port for multiple functions. I use this single port for audio extraction with my external DAC, as well as for power and connecting a USB drive. Connectivity options could be improved - adding USB 3.0 support with an AUX output would make this device even better.
3rd Gen Fire TV is faster compared to 2nd Gen Unit.

However, the Micro USB port is beyond my understanding when USB C is the Standard now.

AND.. Why give an Adaptor and Long Charging Cable when a Short 0.3" cable can be plugged into TV's USB A socket to power the Fire TV Stick. Thats how I have used the Previous GEN till date and using this One as well. Works perfectly OK. And saves the hassle of finding another socket for the Adaptor.
The remote not working, hardly 2 months of purchase. There is no possibility to return, the warranty specification does not guide you how to avail the warranty, please refer to below about the warranty clause what Amazon has mentioned. How shall one proceed with the warranty? They dont give the contact details of the retailer!!

Devices are covered by a One-Year Limited Warranty: If you are a consumer, you will also have consumer rights and this warranty is provided to you in addition to these rights and does not jeopardize your consumer rights in any way. This means that if your Amazon Device is faulty, you may be entitled to a repair or replacement from the retailer.
Build quality of the remote is not great. I have a stock android tv, i've observed that for some of the apps especially Prime, the background sound of a movie or show is very high compared to wat i wud experience wen running the same app directly installed on my tv, spoiling viewing experience. Buy only during sales for the right price.

It is a good utility product for someone owning a TV which has not many options of OTT apps but has a TV with HDMI. But, keep in mind that with time just after warranty it is going to slow down and give you problems like remote going dead, stick slowing down etc. It almost feels deliberate from Amazon’s size.

It is handy to select and view several channels without having to cast from your phone. However the request for storing wifi password is unacceptable and atrocious. IT even tries to make you save your google password. Why should I?

Other cons:
-Battery arrived with very low charge, i had to use other batteries to get it started, and then the old batteries worked.
-I would have liked the ability to set time limits for the account.

if google comes up with such a device, I will switch.
I have no issue with fire tv stick but remote of fire tv creates really a issue. Due to change in wifi unable to connect with firetv stick from remote and even through mobile remote it is not operating.
I'm trying to connect fire tv with remote multiple times but unable to connect it despite of the fact that I had tried all the solutions displaying in the screen. I had even tried to change battery of remote for any other issue yet not solved and this has happened for second time . I had really read a lot of reviews regarding bad quality of remote and it is clearly evitable for me.
I purchased full tv control fire tv stick but on/off button and volume buttons were not working so I return the product and Amazon exchanged it with another one but still same problem was there. Both buttons are not working. I called customer care they told me few steps to perform but the problem is not resolved. So I got normal Amazon fire tv stick in the price of full tv control fire tv stick. Very disappointed.
remote of my firetv stick started giving issues within six months of new purchase of firetv stick.
tried troubleshooting and it worked good for somedays then again do troubleshooting and reset, again it worked good for some more days and it finally stopped responding after 1 year. and now since it's out of warranty, no replacement from amazon is provided. you need to get it repair done from service centre which they say will take minimum 2 weeks and that to they will pick it up from your address and send it to mumbai and after that they will tell you that how much expense you will have to bear to get it repaired, and pickup of remote from your address is free but that doesn't give relief. the thing is that there are some serious quality issues with in house amazon products and that problem is completely overlooked by amazon. so i suggest you to go for another device if you purchasing firetv stick for the very first time. there are seriously issues with there device and their after sales service is too poor.
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM AS WORST PRODUCT and SERVICE.

Run video gives renderer error on prime, YouTube video display but no voice, blank screen every 5 mins, need to restart after every blank screen.

On the day ofnew year got delivery and tried to set up. Contacted support person and she confirmed that this is faulty product and get it replaced.

After a week, Friday it shotbe replaced but delivery person updated info without coming home and even didn't call.

Next day, when called to support they say it will deliver on Sunday.

Not sure weather that will happen or not.

Such a worst service froma big company.

