Redmi note 13 pro :Ossum features and quality As compared to other branded mobile at this price.reviewing after 10 months of use.still no problem.battery drainage,heating, lagging no problem.
Good performance, rear camera quakity is not god, but back cameras are amazing.
Average battery life. Valuefor money.
If u r buying this after using previous Redmi phones that worked superbly then plz don't go for this.
Camera quality is very poor when compared to Redmi note 7 pro; only centre is focussed & rest area blurs progressively while moving towards periphery (I've tried all modes), night mode doesn't make any difference, video mode zooms the view exponentially (note 7 pro used to zoom but proportionately). Gesture control lacks BACK function by swiping screen from right edge to middle. Finger sensor fails to recognize your thumb in almost half instances. Screen doesn't wake spontaneously during active call when u take phone away from your ear. Sometimes "double-tap screen wake up" doesn't work. While selecting multiple pics in gallery, one needs to specifically touch the small circle at right lower corner (tapping anywhere in next pic opens that pic instead of selecting). Pics once deleted stays as trashed file in folders when opened in PC..... Rest of the worst things I'm exploring.
Very good mobile with good camera & overall best performance
Redmi brand very good,
Display quality super,
Performance and speed,
Light weight 💪.
The phone is good the phone is very good if has very good camera excellent display decent performance the performance is not good in games but in day to day task it is so good in bgmi at 40 FPS call of duty in medium settings free fire we can play in max settings it has little bit of heating but the refresh rate of the phone is so good that are sampling rate is also e excellent the gyro works well in bgmi the camera it's so good and clicks a good pictures the product is value for money it's charges in one hour and battery life is so excellent if comes me entire day the wireless features also works well.