Brilliant product and sound quality is amazing. I am using for my macbook and it is working seamlessly as expected.The buds fits perfectly and very ergonomics. There are no volume contol buttns though! however its worth investment product.
This earphones mind blows to you....
Amazing earphones....
Like:
- Sound quality is really good.
- JBL brand feel is kind of feels good
- Glossy Earphone heads looking good

Dislikes:
- Multi function button feels like a cheap plastic material.
- Cable is feels bit low quality

Use Case:
- This is good for the people who rough use the earphone, use it in daily basis, who change the earphones once a year based on heavy usage, go for this.
I have used sony, Mi, samsung, Boat, OnePlus, JBL this time.
Bought this as a gift for my father. But my mother used it once and she likes it so much that she started using it. Good quality sound for the price. Bass is a little low. But audio is clear and mic is also working fine.
	It's nice. The quality is awesome. It's been doing very well and working well. No problems so far so I'm satisfied with it. The Colour looks good and it fits perfectly fine. You can go for it 👍
It is much good, but okay for that price
Look is good and overall earphones are good
But I disappointed a little bit for the sound quality
Good sound quality. Bass should be more. But overall good product 👍
Very nice product sound quality is very refined and clear mic performance on calls is good overall good for music and calls. Durability of product is very good i used it from almost last 6 to 7 months there is no wire damge form jack or other connected thing overall very good product
this review as writing after use 2 months .mic quality good sound quality fit everything is good
Sound is decent, expected more since it's still a JBL product. Comfortable in the ears and an okay bass.
Product is good but only for music that all, if you are into movies games with high sound this product doesn't reach that level, sound and problem quality is good but there is no high volume, very poor volume.
I've been using this product for more than a year now.
It has worked fine for a year but after that the left side of the earphone stopped working and also noticed wear and tear. So i would suggest that if you want these for shorter period then go ahead it has balanced sound quality. Otherwise ignore this product.

Fit: Good
Audio: balanced
Build quality: poor
Weight: lightweight
product is good but not in correct way you have to put earphones tightly in ears for clear bass and if you put it lightly the sound quality is very bad
I bought the product in FEB 2024 after using for 4 months the part of the earphone where mic is there that came out it is made of very low quality. The sound and all things were good i used cello-tape for putting the mic in place but after 2 months the right side of earphone not working. Now its under warranty but i can't even exchange as the mic part is broken because of poor material.
Only sound quality is good but what is the use if comfort is missing . Rubber buds are not soft enough which made ears pain and it is not L-type pin as i have earphone jack at below my mobile then these are toatally a dissatisfied ptoduct.
Over priced. Go for boat instead.
Poor base quality. Rate should be 150 for this product. I thought JBL is good brand but disappointed 😔
If you ate deep bass lover than thia product is mot for you. I prefer real me product when it comes to music
You can get more profit if you buy headphones from local store than buying these headphones. The quality of this headphone is very poor. The sound quality is worse and it hurts the ears if the headphones are played for a long time. The price of this headphone is 599 rupees and it should be 100 rupees. You can get very good headphones for 599 rupees in local stores. Even this headphone has no noise cancellation. The most common thing is that it can not be kept in the ear for a long time, the ear hurts.
This product is very owful item I'm purchased a JBL wire headphone very bad quality headphone I have a doubt whether Amazon has a genuine JBL saler since it's very very bad quality 3.5 jack is not standard. So it hasn't fitted properly. Over all very ominous return policy the customer has to go to service centre for correcting the issue. If one has has time to go any shop or service centre they shouldn't bought from online like Amazon. So I lost my trust on Amazon and suggest people please buy products from show Room.
Sanjoy Roy.
Very cheap build quality. Not tangle proof, and main point worst quality microphone even bluetooth earbuds have good earphones. Next person can't hear a good voice. Realme ones are way too good in this price. Must go for realme. Don't fall for trap I fell.
Do not buy, money wasting purchase. Nowadays there are a lot of substandard items available in Amazon and unfortunately, I have got 2 items.
