The stitches look very bad. Quality is very cheap. V bad. Only buy if you want to give it to someone you hate 🙂

The valet is made of damaged and scrapped material.
I had repeated the order but this time the finishing of the wallets was not satisfactory comparison which I had ordered earlier
I’ve used this wallet for 1.5 years, and the leather quality has deteriorated significantly, showing noticeable damage. Faux leather was used instead of genuine leather, which affects its durability. The only positive aspect is its affordable price. However, I would recommend avoiding this type of product if you’re looking for longevity.

I’ve used this wallet for 1.5 years, and the leather quality has deteriorated significantly, showing noticeable damage. Faux leather was used instead of genuine leather, which affects its durability. The only positive aspect is its affordable price. However, I would recommend avoiding this type of product if you’re looking for longevity.

By looking at reviews I was really expecting good quality. But i am not happy with received product


Good for ladies..not 🚭 for gents ..as it's small ..not of standard size .. lying idle with me

Product was good enough, not upto the mark though. Low Value for money
Darker than the picture and not as glossy, but very compact.

I bought this wellet in the month of July and till now it is like as I had received, leather is good, value for money, everything is fine, must buy and thank Amazon for never be disappointed
Not same as shown in picture, colour is little bit bit faded

Looks are Good, Pricing is right, size, pockets, durability etc all good
 It is good product the value of price
ooks nice and quality was good and size is comfortableGood Quality Product , looks premium
Value foromey.Yeah it is hardly durable still 2 years no damages.It look so cool.It is very light in weight.Its size is perfect as per pocket size.It can be used in many occasions it looks smart.

Going through the ratings and reviews, I finally decided to purchase this wallet. And undoubtedly, I'm not disappointed. A beautiful wallet made up of soft material with ample of space for everything (from cards to coins to keys to currency notes). A good wallet at a reasonable price!!

All cards are tightly fitted.hence no fear of drop somewhere
Loved it