Overall the quality of the product and the video quality is just superb, the paring was also very easy. The only problem I faced was that the cloud storage is very expensive. Except which the camera is just 10/10
I love how easy the setup was and it was perfect for my needs. I used it to monitor my pets while I was out of town. I could hear them and see them playing.

Features I enjoyed:
1. The clear visibility and quality of mic.
2. Little recordings and notifications when a person is detected.
3. Tilt/pan feature.
4. Ease of installation.
5. Design.
I have recommended everyone in my family and friends to install this camera at their home. It works very perfectly, easy to install, easy to set up. Very very affordable than the market CCTVs. Video quality is good. It connects with an app called Tapo, The Tapo app can be installed on mobile phone of every member of the family and everyone can look into it. We can see, download the video, take screenshot, call to the camera to talk to the visitor, we can send voice message through the camera which the visitor can listen to.....over all I'll recommend it to everyone who is reading this review. Just order it and keep your house safe.
Absolutely fine and lenses are of nice quality. Is to use. Night vision is also equally clear. App is user friendly. Sound is loud from app to camera but from camera to app sound is very low.
I specifically logged in to mention that this camera is fantastic for home use, especially for motion detection and tracking.. i loved it
All is good but sometimes it lags and if live streaming is going on then it stopped every 5 minutes then click on continue.
Second no software available for windows computer.
Worth it...working better than others, picture quality is good
Good cam in budget do its job
Good product
Product is good
Just bought it for 1498 Rupees! Excellent CCTV! It provide 30 days free Cloud storage! But TP link need to Improve Functionality of Mount its very difficult to ditches from CCTV. Overall Good! You can go for it!
Hi All, I am using this camera for few month's. Here is my experience:

Once connected to WiFi network. If you want to change the WiFi network, we need to reset the camera. It's takes a while but works eventually.

Sometimes it is slow to respond remotely, if it gets stuck it resets itself and becomes normal which is a good thing and colour are average in night or evening. Day time colour is fine.

WiFi should be good. Inorder to use the camera. Or else, when you are remotely viewing the live feed and you change the angle, it can go dark on screen. But camera is still running. If not fixed we can reboot remotely.

Overall product is average. I don't have any specific complaints. Just it can improve a bit more.
camera picture quality is nice. can be better. Sound output is on low side. power cable is long enough. Camera app is working as expected.
Please be cautious, it has only motion detector feature not motion tracking.
The servicecwas not good. Wire hanging all over the place.
This 2 way speaker is a crap,otherwise it is good. Ezviz,on the other hand,is vibrant with clear audio. Installation of these camras is a bit tricky. Ezviz may be problematic after some months of use. TP link is well known for its connectivity devices. Hope for the best.
PROS
1) Quality : Superb.
2) App : Up to the mark.
3) Looks : Good
4) Installation : Simple

CONS
1) Major cons is application shows device offline where as another camera of another company under same wifi network is connected 24hrs without issues.

If device is offline, you have to unplug and plug the connection to soon after this device is available on app and playback recordings.

How come one will be able to unplug and reset connection when they are not at home. Purpose of having a camera installed at home defies with this issue.

Company have to look into this matter ASAP otherwise a good product.
The camera is slow when at home it works fine but when i’m away it’s ridiculously slow, image quality is poor terrible, even when navigating or moving the camera it updates on the app after 30mins what’s the use if it isn’t updated & quick got that for safety of my children but really disappointed.
If trying to get product support the number listed here shows incorrect & there’s no other contact detail for call.
Cannot even return it only replace option available. I’ve been using amazon over years not everything i buy multiple stuff but its the first time that i’m so disappointed.
I will not recommend to purchase this because of following reasons:

* not assuring continue recording: I had subscribed cloud services (auto renewal) for avail better feature, I was out side from my house at 30th of month, they forgot to deduct cloud fee from my card and stop service. I was not at that location, they were asking to restart that that is not possible. So point is this product is not trustworthy if you want to take this for fun it's okay

* through camera they are selling their high cost cloud service, they have very high charge and without cloud services very limited services are available so they will force you to take cloud services otherwise its a toy

Before buying consider above two points
Do not buy this camera if you are planning to use SD card for storage. 2 of my SD cards got corrupted, one was of Sandisk and other local brand. Followed the instructions as mentioned on the Tapo app, but still sd cards got corrupted. Tried multiple online suggestions to format the sd card but of no use. Other than this didn’t find any other issue with camera as of 1 week of usage.
Long term review after almost 6 months of use:

Bad product keeps disconnecting, doesn't save to memory card, keeps forcing to purchase their cloud monthly subscription.

The auto detection is not good, relies on image rather than sound. Also, the motor is so slow that if someone moves fast, the camera fails to capture it.

Advice: Don't purchase it unless you want to pay Rs. 300 per month cloud subscription, without which seems this camera will pretend to be buggy.
