Since more than one year, it is working smoothly. Good range. easy to install. affordable price. I would recommend the product to my friends
After extensive use, close to 90 days, I can say this product does the work, it is intended for.
It works only on 2.4Ghz and you should expect that your speed will be cut short atleast by one-third if you are using it.
Do not connect many devices as it will then lag a lot.

Pros :- (1) Easy to setup. (2) Easy to use. (3) Beginner friendly. (4) Works fine.

Cons :- (1) speed cuts down to one third of your connection. (2) Do not connect more than 5 devices at a time with this.
I had purchased this device in the sale and i think this is the best value for money product in the market. Works very well and easy to setup
I have a wired internet in my room from router/modem in another location and wanted to create a WiFi zone.
The unit is compact and the quality is good.
The supplied quick installation guide is helpful to use this device as "Range Extender". But is silent on how to use this device to relay WiFi Signals from a wired connection.
But, it is easy to use with "Tethers" app. of the T P Link.
All you need to do is to select the device as "Access Point" and follow the easy instructions.
The whole installation took less than 5 minutes.
The product is good. Easy to setup. Provides good range in our 2 story house.

Only con is it works with 2.4g and the max speed I am getting is around 20mbps.
If you are sitting with your laptop or desktop away from your main router or wireless access point, this is a great product to bridge the gap in the network speed and availability. The setup took only 1 minute.
It's cool and easy to pair any moderm then network delivery also normal this morden regular use only can buy like insta scroll, learning through YouTube that's think do using this Morden
I’m using a couple of them at my home. It’s very handy and reliable.
It is OK, but range is not much. About 15 feet max
So far working fine . Satisfied with the product
It does the job well to extend the signals
The setup is easy and looks to have a decent built quality. But it fails to deliver where it matters. The speed that I receive from the repeater caps at 16-17 MBPS, whereas I used to get 33-35 MBPS with last year's model (https://amzn.in/d/4YAdjCB) with the same setup. Unfortunately, the older one lasted only one year. Two back to back bad experience makes look to other brands.
the router worked very well when we first brought it , but overtime , the speed and quality of the network became very poor . it was more feasable to connect to the main network rather than the extender. the distace between the extender and the main router is very low (~3m , with only one wall inbetween) and initially it worked well , but overtime it deteriorated. worked with 6 devices simultaneously initially , but fell to 2 devices
Good coverage but not getting good speed, main modem it gets around 65mbps but this one only get 16mbps max
Build quality: This is only part which is good.
Stability: device is not stable it will disconnect after few hour or after a day and then you will struggle to connect again.
Customer support : They will try to make you fool, by speaking of channel spacing and other things but speed would never go beyond 30Mbps.
They were telling that 300Mbps won't be there you would get 100Mbps but that also never reached.
Internet speed : 26Mbps in wireless that too near to main router. Customer service will only buy time and won't pick your phone on Saturday.

It is completely waste of time to invest and money.
I tried all the way to connect with main router cannot able to do it so get it back ur products
Frequent disconnection of the wifi .... Signal is there but not connecting to the internet ....
It just widens the wifi coverage but reduces its strength (thats what thede devices are supposed to do anyway). Better install the router at a better place. Also, It supports only 4G.
For first two weeks it worked flawlessly but after some time it started disconnecting randomly. Before it completed one month it started disconnecting so often that it was not even usable. I took it apart and found out two blown capacitors inside. These two capacitors were part of circuit that converted AC power to DC power. The product comes with three year warranty, but I had to use it in a remote area so did not claim warranty. I instead used a wifi router to extend my network.
In addition to its poor performance, the setup process for the Repeater was unnecessarily complicated. Despite following the provided instructions meticulously, I encountered numerous difficulties that added to the overall dissatisfaction with the product.

In conclusion, I cannot recommend the Repeater for anyone seeking to enhance their internet speed or extend coverage. Its failure to deliver on its promises, coupled with the significant reduction in internet speed, makes it an impractical and frustrating investment. If you rely on a stable internet connection for work or leisure, I strongly advise exploring alternative solutions that are more reliable and effective.
Although kept near WiFi router still it not capable to receive any signal. It shows on theathe app that signal lost....what the hell... wifi router gives full signal but this device doesn't connect to the router 😕...
